Change UI element reference formatting to bold (#2739)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/managing_log_output.md

Buildkite has zero access to your source code in the pipelines and only receives and stores the log output of the builds and build artifacts in encrypted form.

> Logs are AES-encrypted, and the build artifacts are encrypted in transit and at rest using AWS encryption (KMS or S3 SSE). As a result, the keys cannot be extracted on the Buildkite's side, and the AWS solutions provide mitigation against zero-day attacks and other security issues. Beyond this, the control over security measures within your infrastructure is up to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs are AES-encrypted, and the build artifacts are encrypted in transit and at rest using AWS encryption (KMS or S3 SSE). As a result, the keys cannot be extracted on the Buildkite's side, and the AWS solutions mitigate against zero-day attacks and other security issues. Beyond this, the control over security measures within your infrastructure is up to you.
```
